Director Ma, why are you out of the office?
What's your business?
Ah don't ask
What's wrong? You really don't know.
You kicked out the bulletin board?
Director Ma was fired.
Really? Why?
Be quiet, it's not clear yet.
There's even more exciting news
What? Director Guy's lawyer's voice has been revoked?
diesel
What!
Come and see my jokes
Not that habit
Then why are you here? I'm here to see you off
Do you think I'll believe it? It's up to you to believe it or not
Whether to send it or not is my business
What can I do for you?
Cover people don't need
Stop calling me director
actually
I still miss when we used to work
Stop pretending to laugh if you want
I guess that's true.
If there is a ghost in the heart, it is a ghost
There is a devil in the heart
Seeing people is a devil
Stop talking to me about these winners and losers
No more, let's go.
Silly boy, don't be deceived by him
I'll tell you what.
He has already been
Keep your mouth shut
You are an idiot
Find out who the fool is
Think about why you ended up where you are today
It seems that the lawyer has been suspended to benefit you.